Create styleguide.md (#1186)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: styleguide.md

# Documentation Style Guide

**Admin** - proper case

**Admin API** - proper case

**Admin GUI** - use *Kong Manage*r instead

**ampersands** - always use “and” in content, only use “&” in titles with two items that have always had it or in product names

**API** - all upper case; if referring to an entity, use Services and Routes instead

**Basic Auth, Basic Authentication** - proper case, abbreviate if the context permits. Only use lowercase with a hyphen in code/config samples

* Bad: Options include LDAP Auth and basic auth.
* Good: Options include LDAP Auth and Basic Auth.
* Bad: Ensure that admin_gui_auth is set to basic auth.
* Good: Ensure that admin_gui_auth is set to basic-auth.
* Good: Ensure that admin_gui_auth = basic-auth.

**click** - not “click on”; specify what is being clicked

* *Bad*: Click on “Admins”
* *Bad*: Look for one that says “Admins” and click
* **_Good_: Click the “Admins” button**

**cURL** - not CURL or curl

> **e.g**. - indicates an in-exhaustive list of examples, thus should not conclude with “etc.”; if offering a clarification, rather than an example, use “i.e.”. Following the Chicago Manual, follow each with a comma.

Reviewer: I know Google's autocorrect catches this, but it's wrong: https://www.thefreedictionary.com/inexhaustive

```suggestion
**e.g**. - indicates an inexhaustive list of examples, thus should not conclude with “etc.”; if offering a clarification, rather than an example, use “i.e.”. Following the Chicago Manual, follow each with a comma.
```
